[BigQuery][SCT-7162] Improving README for BigQuery (#15)
Snowflake-Labs/SC.DDLExportScripts: BigQuery/README.md

## Prerequisits

1. Cloud SDK needs to be installed. If you have not installed it, you can follow [these](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install#linux) instructions.

> 2. The user must have Admin or Owner priviledges otherwise no information will be retrivied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The user must have Admin or Owner privileges, otherwise no information will be retrieved.
```

The following are the steps to execute the DDL Code Generation. They can be executed in Linux/Unix environments.

1. Modify the `create_ddls.sh` that is located in the `bin` folder
    - The region setting will be at the top of this file.

>     - You must log in going to a link in your browser when you run `./google-cloud-sdk/bin/gcloud init`, and then select the cloud project to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You must log in by going to a link in your browser when you run `./google-cloud-sdk/bin/gcloud init`, and then select the cloud project to use.
```

2. Before executing the script ensure `create_ddls.sh` is at the same folder level with `./google-cloud-sdk/`
    - Finally, run `create_ddls.sh` to extract the DDLs from BigQuery
    - After a successful run, remove region information from the top line of `create_ddls.sh`.

> 3.  Compress the entire `Output` folder.

Reviewer: I know this is not new, but why do we need to compress the output folder? would we remove this?
